SQL Worksheet1

1.(A) & (D)
2.(A),(B) & (C)

3.(B) Structured Query Language
4.(B)Data Definition Language
5.(A)Data Manipulation Language
6.(C)Create Table A(B int,C float)
7.(B)Alter Table A ADD Column D float
8.(B)Alter Table A drop column D
9.Alter table A modify D float(No option is correct)
10.(D) None of them

11.A large amount of information or data is stored in the electronic storages by organizations or by businesses is called Data ware-house.

12.The differences are as follows-
OLTP:-
i)It stands for Online transcation processing.
ii)It captures,stores and process data from transaction in real time.
iii)It is online database modifying system.
iv)Consists of historical Data from various Databases.
v)It is subject oriented.Used for data Mining,Analytics, Decision Making.
OLAP:-
i)It stands for Online Analytical Processing.
ii)It queries data from OLTP.
iii)It is Online database query answaring system.
iv)Consists of only operational current data.
v)It is application Oriented.Used for bussiness task.

13.There are four Characteristics of Data warehouse
i)Subject Oriented:-Data warehouse is a subject oriented database as it supports the business need of indivisual department specific user.
ii)Integrated:- It allows to collect the data and integrate the data with multiple database sources.so it is an integrated database.
iii)Once data is entered into the database, it does not reflects to the change which takes place at operational database. Hence the data is static in Data Warehouse.
iv)Time Variant:-It supports the business management in analysing the business and comparing the business with different time periods like Year, Quarter,Month, Week and Data.So it is Time varient.

14.Star schema is the fundamental schema among the data mart schema and it is simplest. This schema is widely used to develop or build a data warehouse and dimensional data marts. It includes one or more fact tables indexing any number of dimensional tables. The star schema is a necessary case of the snowflake schema. It is also efficient for handling basic queries.

15.SETL:- SET Language is a very high-level programming language based on the mathematics theory of sets.